how are we going and what is this bark
this tree that is sick
look at the center centers of
alvear
the last word
because they did not submit a proposal for
see a rule and the diagnosis that of
the engineers first is alternatives
of decisions
They can not but vote because they do not
prime lights a scoundrel very cured
video with her tree of tomorrow
it's not an argument that that tree is
I was rotting because there you can see
any of the citizens can see
that is not an argument the tree is
good
the mayor at that time is saying
in the media that he does not
has no responsibility for the
I'm going to say that if
has responsibility because the
mayor part of the board of directors of
the corporation the mayor is the
responsible for any situation that
occur has the municipality of tumbaya and
he knew about this situation and that he
has nothing to do then because he sent
of the vans and the officials of the
municipality to knock down the tree
but I have
because there is a reason why there is a
higher reason you are a candidate for
mayoralty is amount of more or less the
ask what I want to do with this
I agree that they have or not but I do not know
technical issue I really did not face
a technician and for the strike they committed
from provenance that they had from some
public city hearing zone that says and
together we will decide if we are
agree to knock down what you can not
to buy
and today
and the tree of alcalá jesús
it also shows his church of
clay so many houses raised her talk
with him that way from alcalá two
working hours in the technical treatment
if we leave with the argument that
those trees are your data caused
because I had the two that the inventors
but good
and here is a much more situation
complicated and it is the environmental welfare
of the squirrels on that tree there was a
squirrels community that is increasingly
they are removing the possibility that
squirrels have where to live they did not think
in what is usually to be thought
it really does not come back
yes